Build your own social media analyzer:
       We are trying to create a curriculum and school evaluation system：

       School Evaluation: Analyze current student support or lack of support for school policies 
                          through emotional responses to student attendance as a way to make 
                          better efforts to bring about a better learning life for students.

       Curriculum evaluation: Through the students' emotional evaluation, we can analyze whether 
                              there are any problems with the current curriculum, and adjust the 
                              teaching plan and content accordingly.
                              
Define MVP and user stories:
       We obtained student sentiment ratings through different multiple social media types.
      
       MVP: From different social media platforms, retrieve relevant user accounts.
            Filter the evaluation sentences for different emotions.
            NLP analyzes the filtered data to get the system evaluation scores.
       
       User stories:
            First, as a school: 1. The school administration can use student evaluations and expressions
                                   of emotion to know where there is room for improvement.
                                2. Professors and other staff can use this data to know how the school 
                                   supports the attitudes and treatment of staff.
                                3. Students can use this data to determine if the school is a good fit for 
                                   their schooling plans before applying.
                               
            Second, as a curriculum: 1. The professor can analyze what potential problems the classroom has 
                                        by the different emotions of the students.
                                     2. The professor can also find out through different channels which 
                                        students need care and help.
                                     3. Students who have not yet taken a course but are planning to take a
                                        course can see some reviews of the course in advance to determine 
                                        whether they will take it.
                       
Translate user stories to a modular design.
       If you want a modular design, you need to classify the relevant content in advance.

Who is your user?
       University students, pending students and school staff, etc.

What are the basic user stories?
            What students can see about the difficulty and teaching style of the course and the professor's comments 
       from previous students before they take the course.

